g'day all today I've got a tasty
margherita pizza for you and it's very
easy to make you're going to need some
fresh basil a clove of garlic I've got a
can of roma tomatoes here if you've got
some good fresh ones available by all
means use them a bit of salt some olive
oil some nice tasty bocconcini
mozzarella here and also some pizza
dough now did a video a couple of days
ago on pizza dough so check that out
I'll put the link in the description bar
if you need it now we're going to start
with the sauce now you can just use some
reduced Tomatoes for this or you can do
it like this
here I've got the tomatoes into a
blender followed by a tablespoon of
olive oil
just a little salt
the clove of garlic and I'm throwing in
about ten or so fresh basil leaves here
let's give it a quick blend
and then I'm gonna simmer it until it
reduces by about half and then let it
cool completely
so here we've got that nice thick pizza
sauce guys
and simply roll out your dough until
it's the size and thickness that you
want throw a bit of cornmeal onto a
pizza peel and put your bass on it this
will help it slide off the peel onto the
pizza stone then cover the base with
that pizza sauce
now pre-heated a pizza stone in the
barbecue to 220 degrees Celsius I'm just
going to sprinkle bit a cornmeal onto
that as well
then just slide that pacer on
and then just put that bocconcini cheese
on top just like that guys and cook it
until it's golden-brown
now all I'm gonna do is just put some
fresh basil leaves on top
very simple pizza guys but very very
tasty give it a go
thanks for watching and I'll catch you
all next time